nombre: 1
correo: 1
cargo: b
numero_cedula: b
nombre_jefe: b
numero_telefono_jefe: b
estado: Miranda
municipio: b
nombre_organismo: b
instancia: b
cantidad_denuncias: b
cantidad_reclamos: b
cantidad_quejas: b
cantidad_peticiones: b
cantidad_sugerencias: b
cantidad_asesorias: b
cantidad_poblacion_masc: b
cantidad_poblacion_fem: b
cantidad_talleres_oipp: b
cantidad_charlas_oipp: b
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: b
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: b
cantidad_forochats_oipp: b
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: b
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: b
nombre_escuela_se: n
cantidad_actividades_se: n
cantidad_talleres_se: n
cantidad_charlas_se: n
cantidad_conversatorios_se: n
cantidad_jornadas_se: n
cantidad_forochats_se: n
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: n
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: n
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: n
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: n
nombre_ministerio_ap: b
cantidad_actividades_ap: b
cantidad_talleres_ap: b
cantidad_charlas_ap: b
cantidad_jornadas_ap: b
cantidad_forochats_ap: b
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: b
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: b

nombre: j
correo: j
cargo: j
numero_cedula: j
nombre_jefe: j
numero_telefono_jefe: j
estado: Miranda
municipio: j
nombre_organismo: j
instancia: j
cantidad_denuncias: j
cantidad_reclamos: j
cantidad_quejas: j
cantidad_peticiones: j
cantidad_sugerencias: j
cantidad_asesorias: j
cantidad_poblacion_masc: j
cantidad_poblacion_fem: j
cantidad_talleres_oipp: j
cantidad_charlas_oipp: j
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: j
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: j
cantidad_forochats_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: j
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: j
nombre_escuela_se: j
cantidad_actividades_se: j
cantidad_talleres_se: j
cantidad_charlas_se: j
cantidad_conversatorios_se: j
cantidad_jornadas_se: j
cantidad_forochats_se: j
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: j
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: j
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: j
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: j
nombre_ministerio_ap: j
cantidad_actividades_ap: j
cantidad_talleres_ap: j
cantidad_charlas_ap: j
cantidad_jornadas_ap: j
cantidad_forochats_ap: j
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: j
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: j

nombre: m
correo: m
cargo: m
numero_cedula: m
nombre_jefe: m
numero_telefono_jefe: m
estado: Miranda
municipio: m
nombre_organismo: m
instancia: m
cantidad_denuncias: m
cantidad_reclamos: m
cantidad_quejas: m
cantidad_peticiones: m
cantidad_sugerencias: m
cantidad_asesorias: m
cantidad_poblacion_masc: m
cantidad_poblacion_fem: m
cantidad_talleres_oipp: m
cantidad_charlas_oipp: m
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: m
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: m
cantidad_forochats_oipp: m
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: m
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: m
nombre_escuela_se: m
cantidad_actividades_se: m
cantidad_talleres_se: m
cantidad_charlas_se: m
cantidad_conversatorios_se: m
cantidad_jornadas_se: m
cantidad_forochats_se: m
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: m
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: m
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: m
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: m
nombre_ministerio_ap: m
cantidad_actividades_ap: m
cantidad_talleres_ap: m
cantidad_charlas_ap: m
cantidad_jornadas_ap: m
cantidad_forochats_ap: m
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: m
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: m

nombre: p
correo: p
cargo: p
numero_cedula: p
numero_telefono_jefe: p
estado: Miranda
municipio: p
nombre_organismo: p
instancia: p
cantidad_denuncias: p
cantidad_reclamos: p
cantidad_quejas: p
cantidad_peticiones: p
cantidad_sugerencias: p
cantidad_asesorias: p
cantidad_poblacion_masc: p
cantidad_poblacion_fem: p
cantidad_talleres_oipp: p
cantidad_charlas_oipp: p
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: p
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: p
cantidad_forochats_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: p
nombre_escuela_se: p
cantidad_actividades_se: p
cantidad_talleres_se: p
cantidad_charlas_se: p
cantidad_conversatorios_se: p
cantidad_jornadas_se: p
cantidad_forochats_se: p
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: p
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: p
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: p
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: p
nombre_ministerio_ap: p
cantidad_actividades_ap: p
cantidad_talleres_ap: p
cantidad_charlas_ap: p
cantidad_jornadas_ap: p
cantidad_forochats_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: p

nombre: p
correo: p
cargo: p
numero_cedula: p
numero_telefono_jefe: p
estado: Miranda
municipio: p
nombre_organismo: p
instancia: p
cantidad_denuncias: p
cantidad_reclamos: p
cantidad_quejas: p
cantidad_peticiones: p
cantidad_sugerencias: p
cantidad_asesorias: p
cantidad_poblacion_masc: p
cantidad_poblacion_fem: p
cantidad_talleres_oipp: p
cantidad_charlas_oipp: p
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: p
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: p
cantidad_forochats_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: p
nombre_escuela_se: p
cantidad_actividades_se: p
cantidad_talleres_se: p
cantidad_charlas_se: p
cantidad_conversatorios_se: p
cantidad_jornadas_se: p
cantidad_forochats_se: p
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: p
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: p
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: p
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: p
nombre_ministerio_ap: p
cantidad_actividades_ap: p
cantidad_talleres_ap: p
cantidad_charlas_ap: p
cantidad_jornadas_ap: p
cantidad_forochats_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: p

nombre: p
correo: p
cargo: p
numero_cedula: p
numero_telefono_jefe: p
estado: Miranda
municipio: p
nombre_organismo: p
instancia: p
cantidad_denuncias: p
cantidad_reclamos: p
cantidad_quejas: p
cantidad_peticiones: p
cantidad_sugerencias: p
cantidad_asesorias: p
cantidad_poblacion_masc: p
cantidad_poblacion_fem: p
cantidad_talleres_oipp: p
cantidad_charlas_oipp: p
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: p
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: p
cantidad_forochats_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: p
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: p
nombre_escuela_se: p
cantidad_actividades_se: p
cantidad_talleres_se: p
cantidad_charlas_se: p
cantidad_conversatorios_se: p
cantidad_jornadas_se: p
cantidad_forochats_se: p
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: p
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: p
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: p
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: p
nombre_ministerio_ap: p
cantidad_actividades_ap: p
cantidad_talleres_ap: p
cantidad_charlas_ap: p
cantidad_jornadas_ap: p
cantidad_forochats_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: p
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: p

nombre: i
correo: i
cargo: i
numero_cedula: i
numero_telefono_jefe: i
estado: Miranda
municipio: i
nombre_organismo: i
instancia: i
cantidad_denuncias: i
cantidad_reclamos: i
cantidad_quejas: i
cantidad_peticiones: i
cantidad_sugerencias: i
cantidad_asesorias: i
cantidad_poblacion_masc: i
cantidad_poblacion_fem: i
cantidad_talleres_oipp: i
cantidad_charlas_oipp: i
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: i
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: i
cantidad_forochats_oipp: i
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: i
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: i
nombre_escuela_se: i
cantidad_actividades_se: i
cantidad_talleres_se: i
cantidad_charlas_se: i
cantidad_conversatorios_se: i
cantidad_jornadas_se: i
cantidad_forochats_se: i
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: i
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: i
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: i
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: i
nombre_ministerio_ap: i
cantidad_actividades_ap: i
cantidad_talleres_ap: i
cantidad_charlas_ap: i
cantidad_jornadas_ap: i
cantidad_forochats_ap: i
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: i
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: i

nombre: i
correo: i
cargo: i
numero_cedula: i
numero_telefono_jefe: i
estado: Miranda
municipio: i
nombre_organismo: i
instancia: i
cantidad_denuncias: i
cantidad_reclamos: i
cantidad_quejas: i
cantidad_peticiones: i
cantidad_sugerencias: i
cantidad_asesorias: i
cantidad_poblacion_masc: i
cantidad_poblacion_fem: i
cantidad_talleres_oipp: i
cantidad_charlas_oipp: i
cantidad_conversatorios_oipp: i
cantidad_jornadas_oipp: i
cantidad_forochats_oipp: i
cantidad_adulto_masculino_atentido_oipp: i
cantidad_adulto_femenino_atentida_oipp: i
nombre_escuela_se: i
cantidad_actividades_se: i
cantidad_talleres_se: i
cantidad_charlas_se: i
cantidad_conversatorios_se: i
cantidad_jornadas_se: i
cantidad_forochats_se: i
cantidad_ninosyadol_masculino_se: i
cantidad_ninasyadol_femenino_se: i
cantidad_adultos_masculino_atendidos_se: i
cantidad_adultos_femenino_atendidos_se: i
nombre_ministerio_ap: i
cantidad_actividades_ap: i
cantidad_talleres_ap: i
cantidad_charlas_ap: i
cantidad_jornadas_ap: i
cantidad_forochats_ap: i
cantidad_funcionarios_masculino_ap: i
cantidad_funcionarios_femenino_ap: i

